Add GPU edge node manege docs (#654)
kubeedge/website: docs/advanced/gpu.md

---
title: Edge Pods use GPU

> sidebar_position: 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_position: 9
```

Author: Done

---

## Abstract

> With the development of edge AI, the demand for deploying GPU applications on edge nodes is gradually increasing. Currently, KubeEdge can manage GPU nodes through some configurations, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the development of edge AI, it is likely that the applications at edge demand and rely on the GPU acceleration. Currently, KubeEdge can manage GPU nodes through some configurations, 
```

> and allocate GPU resources to user edge applications through the k8s device-plugin component. If you need to use this feature, please refer to the steps below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and allocate GPU resources to user edge applications through the [k8s device-plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/) component. If you need to use this feature, please refer to the steps below.
```

## Getting Started

> ### GPU running environment construction

Reviewer 2: Can we instead just point some URLs such as https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html to make sure Nvidia GPU is enabled and configured for container runtime?
This is obviously not the procedure KubeEdge provides, to avoid having the maintenance cost to catch up with Nvidia specific procedure, it would be easier for the doc maintainers?

Using GPU on edge nodes requires building a GPU operating environment first, which mainly includes the following steps:

1. Install GPU driver

> First you need to determine whether the edge node machine has GPU. You can use the `lspci | grep NVIDIA` command to check. Download the appropriate GPU driver according to the specific GPU model and complete the installation. 

Reviewer 2: so it turned out that this is only for Nvidia GPUs? if that is so, probably we could change the title into `How to enable Nvidia GPUs on KubeEdge` or something else?

sudo nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=containerd --set-as-default
``` 

5. Restart container runtime

Restart the container runtime and confirm whether GPU is supported.

```shell
# docker:
systemctl daemon-reload && systemctl restart docker
# Check whether the runtime is modified successfully.
root@nano-desktop:~# docker info |grep Runtime
 Runtimes: io.containerd.runc.v2 io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux nvidia runc
 Default Runtime: nvidia

# containerd:
systemctl daemon-reload && systemctl restart containerd
# Check whether the runtime is modified successfully.
root@edgenode:~# cat /etc/containerd/config.toml |grep nvidia
      default_runtime_name = "nvidia"
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.nvidia]
          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.nvidia.options]
            BinaryName = "/usr/bin/nvidia-container-runtime"
```  

Through the above steps, the edge node already has a GPU driver, and the container runtime also has the ability to allocate GPU devices. Next, the edge node can be managed into the KubeEdge cluster.

### Edge GPU node management

Hosting edge GPU nodes mainly includes the following steps:

> 1. Manage the node to the cluster

Reviewer 2: same here can we just point the reference to https://kubeedge.io/docs/setup/install-with-keadm/ to avoid the redundancy and possible maintenance problem?

and allocate GPU resources to user edge applications through the k8s device-plugin component. If you need to use this feature, please refer to the steps below.

## Getting Started

### GPU running environment construction

Using GPU on edge nodes requires building a GPU operating environment first, which mainly includes the following steps:

1. Install GPU driver

First you need to determine whether the edge node machine has NVIDIA GPU. You can use the `lspci | grep NVIDIA` command to check. Download the appropriate GPU driver according to the specific GPU model and complete the installation. 
After the installation is complete, you can use the `nvidia-smi` command to check whether the driver is installed successfully.

2. Download container runtime

To connect the GPU node to the KubeEdge cluster, you need to first install container runtimes such as Docker and Containerd. 
For specific installation guides, please refer to [Container Runtime](https://kubeedge.io/docs/setup/prerequisites/runtime)

:::tip

> Since KubeEdge v1.14, support for Dockershim has been removed, and use Docker runtime to manage edge containers is no longer supported. If you still need to use Docker, please install [cri-dockerd](https://kubeedge.io/docs/setup/prerequisites/runtime#docker-engine)。

Author: done
